DOC-1305 (#1921)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/clusters/optimize/turn-off-services.md

In a deployment with limited memory resources, certain services can be disabled from API endpoint to free system memory or using the `rladmin` command.
Before you turn off a service, make sure that your deployment does not depend on that service.
After you turn off a service, you can re-enable in the same way.

The services that you can turn off are:

- RS Admin Console - `cm_server`
- Logs in CSV format - `stats_archiver`
- [LDAP authentication]({{< relref "/rs/security/ldap/_index.md" >}}) - `saslauthd`
- [Discovery service]({{< relref "rs/installing-upgrading/configuring/cluster-dns.md" >}})- `mdns_server`, `pdns_server`
- [Active-Active databases]({{< relref "/rs/databases/active-active/_index.md" >}}) - `crdb_coordinator`, `crdb_worker`

To turn off a service with the `rladmin cluster config` command, use the `services` parameter and the name of the service, followed by `disabled`.
```text
 rladmin cluster config 
        [ services <service_name> <enabled | disabled> ]
```

To turn off a service with the API, use the `/v1/cluster/services/configuration` endpoint
with the name of the service and the operating mode (enabled/disabled) in JSON format.

For example:

> - To turn off the RS Admin Console, issue this PUT request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To turn off the Redis Enterprise admin console, issue this PUT request:
```

    ```sh
    curl --request PUT \
    --url https://localhost:9443/v1/cluster/services_configuration \
    --header '-type: application/json' \
    --data '{
        "cm_server":{
            "operating_mode":"disabled"
        }
    }'
    ```

- To turn off the CRDB services and enable the `stats_archiver` for cluster component statistics, issue this PUT request:

    ```sh
    curl --request PUT \
    --url https://localhost:9443/v1/cluster/services_configuration \

>     --header '-type: application/json' \

Reviewer: Looks like part of a header was accidentally removed.
```suggestion
    --header 'content-type: application/json' \
```
